SubSystem-TaggedFiles

The end stage of this entire undertaking.
Tag a file that is stored somewhere. It's remarkable how hard that is.

The ultimate goal of this system is to put every part on AWS, making full use of its various points of mischief, but the baseline system and its behaviour had to be worked out in more familiar terms first - and to support the idea that 'AWS is Just A Detail' as Uncle Bob suggests that good architecture should make possible.

A file belongs to one (or more) subjects and each subject has one or more tags. FOR NOW a subject represents a single file, but it's expected that variants ( e.g. thumbnails, resizes) will be represented as additional tags at the file level, with subject level tags representing the single conceptual object.

For example
A damaged polaroid photograph of a cat named Smokey is scanned and uploaded to a TaggedFiles using website, the user adds "scan smokey_(subject) polaroid" as the tags attached to the subject. Eventually an edited/cropped version of the same scan is uploaded, and would be tagged "cropped sharpened" at the file level, and tags the first file as "original low_quality".

INSTALLATION

# TODO

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

# TODO

LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2019 mmacnair

This program is distributed under the (Revised) BSD License:
L<http://www.opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause>

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of mmacnair's Organization
nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

